Make two new commands.
-----
command name: purge
1 argument is required

Arguments:
all: deletes all the messages in the channel

text: 1 required argument and 9 more arguments which are optional, deletes all the messages in the channel containing that specific text.
example 1: purge text hello1 - deletes all messages which contain "hello1" in the channel
example 2: purge text "hello1" "hello2" - deletes all messages which contain either of these two in the channel

bot: 1 optional argument amount - deletes messages of any bot in the channel
example 1: purge bot - deletes all the messages of any bot in the channel
example 2: purge bot 10 - deletes 10 messages of any bot in the channel (10 messages of a bot should be deleted)

user: 1 required user argument, 1 optional amount argument
example 1: purge user <user1 mention, id, username> - all messages in the channel
example 2: purge user <user1 mention, id, username> 15 - 15 messages of that particular user

amount: 1 required amount argument, deletes that many number of recent messages in the channel (exclude command message)

<number>: no arguments, ignore if provided, deletes that many number of recent messages in the channel (exclude command message)

(Both amount <number> and <number> work same.)
(In text, different text are separated by using double quotes)

On success, send: sendSuccess "Successfully deleted <number of messages that have been deleted> messages."

-------------
command name: serverpurge
1 argument is required

Arguments:
text: (same as purge, but deletes across the whole server)

user: (same as purge accepts multiple users (user mention/ID/username) separated by space but across the server)
 
bot: deletes all bot messages across the server


On success, send: sendSuccess "Successfully deleted <number of messages that have been deleted> messages across <number of channels from which messages were deleted> channels."

----------
IMPORTANT: the command message sent by user shouldn't get deleted in any of the above case, when the success message is sent, after 5 seconds, both the success message and the command message should get deleted.

NOTE: command message means the message that was sent to execute the command. for example "purge 1, purge text hello1"

PROVIDE PROPER USAGE IN THE COMMAND FILES!
USE statusMessages.ts if necessary.
CREATE HELPER FILES IF NECESSARY!

I HAVE TRIED TO SPECIFY A LOT, STILL IF SOME LOOPHOLE OR CONDITION WAS LEFT, THEN JUST UHM, IMPLEMENT IT. BUT ALSO LIST IT AT THE END OF YOUR RESPONSE.